Witch oo
It is fighting spirit girl to be just as Afiru wry smile and band h
Vice President of pdr Corporation
I am joining a painter. Thank you.
It is introduction of product after about one month how much today
Well introduced products
It's not the main channel
Let's keep in mind, but for the first time in a month , we have special products available today.
Was
What is this
What is it? Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trading
It is a card
What is a thing of 22 years ago rather than yet just a training card
I feel like this file is this
let's meet wi-fi
Yes here is the year 1989
It is unopened that I sell it at the general store inside
I'm hitting it for 210 yen.
Because it was nostalgic
I changed to a place where I lived in England when I was about the age of some
We were seeing good teacher that does not do the trail in elementary school gathered to buy this
What is the content of concern with 5 trading cards
What a bubble gum with one seal
In gum, gum is most included
Just a god of eating that floats 22 years ago
Do you try to open immediately Ee'
Easy entry
Carl I'm riding like this foot soldier Nurse
Chau Michelangelo the
8 oo
Paper and this is a sticker
The seal came out with my favorite Donatello
here we go
Four
Yes and the lower cam is a safe that left one square
It moreover has become a half
It's not softer As you have Yes
Stop eating
This is 2
I'm dead
Above Kuekuekue Fukuume Kume
Condition even gold may be
Nja
I feel like I'm starting to get lost
Bad Karaa Once you swallow this
Something sweet to it
It looks like
It is better for the voice to get worse
Finished
Asuka
Ah
See you
Unpacked corner of unleached corner
curry
I'm not doing provisionally, I'm not mistaken for you
This is different from Dante, because it is not hard gay , I hate my middle brother.
Hirano Konosuke
It's right next to Saga Prefecture. It's just by accident. The same thing was said to you, Mr. Ka-chan .
pdr Corporation